hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie the
collection part 1.
at the start of the film we see a couple
who returned home
after an outing somewhere suddenly they
see a box and get shocked that how it
got into their home
a voice was heard from the box when the
person opens it up
a killer was present in it he attacks
that person
then the scene gets changed to a boy his
name is arkhan who is the main character
of the movie
he works at someone's home that family
included a total of four people
the little girl was named hannah
recently they got shifted to a new home
where they were going for repairing
hannah's father comes to arkhan and asks
him to repair the door upstairs
arkhan goes upward to fix the door but
hannah comes to him and asks him to play
leaving his work incomplete he goes out
with hannah
arkin asks hannah that which type of
gift she expects from others
she replies teddy bears that's why i
would like to take teddy bears as a gift
hannah's father comes there and asks
arkhan about work progress
he replies that i was along with hannah
i also have a daughter like hannah
then he brings a gift of a teddy bear
for his daughter
his daughter gets very happy after
receiving a teddy bear
here we come to know the financial
condition of the family
which was very severe and they had taken
a lot of loans to survive
they only had one night left for
returning the loan
her wife asks him that how would you
manage such huge amount of money in very
short time
he replies that i would arrange the
money till night at any cost
arkhan visits a robber who asks him to
rob the diamond of the family who he
works for
he says that i will hand over 50 share
of the diamond to you
arkhan agrees with it keeping all the
necessary belongings with him arkhan
goes for stealing
but a dog starts barking at him arkhan
gets surprised after seeing the dog
because that family had no dog he
somehow manages to enter the home
he tries to open the locker containing
that diamond
then he whispers someone's voice arkhan
then hides
we see that there was a serial killer
who had entered the house
after listening to the voice of his
footsteps he starts finding arkhan
when he looks out for going he notices
five locks on the door
which meant that he was unable to go
outside then arkhan remembers his family
that how would they pay loan he goes
back to the locker and tries to open it
again
then he hears someone shouting it was
felt as if someone was being tortured he
follows that voice and finds that it was
hannah's father whom someone was badly
torturing
when her father sees him he thinks as if
it was all planned by arkhan
that's why he tries to hit arkhan with
something lying near
a rope gets stretched and his father
gets hanged to it
now it was clear that the killer had
made traps at every location of the
house
so that no one could escape then that
killer frees hannah's father and takes
him along
when arkhan sees that he decides to
leave that place
he tries to call the police but a needle
was put in the receiver which hurts him
because that killer had put a trap in
the phone so that no one could make a
call
then he tries to move out of the window
but his fingers get trapped in a blade
he gets hurt by that but he somehow
manages to take his hand from the trap
he sees that every place was full of
traps then he enters the basement
he finds hannah's father tied up he
explains to him that he is here to help
him
that's why you must not shout then he
asks him about his wife and children
he says that my wife is kept in a room
and my elder daughter has gone to the
party
while hannah is hiding somewhere then he
tells him that a gun is placed in the
locker
using which you can kill the killer then
he tells him the password of the locker
though he finds the gun after opening
the locker he finds that there is no
bullet in the gun
he also hides diamonds from the locker
so that he could pay all his loans after
selling it
then we see that the killer tortures
hannah's father so much that he kills
him
then he hangs him upwards and cuts his
intestine out
he listens to a voice in the cupboard
and thinks that hannah might be hiding
there
when he opens the cupboard he finds a
box then he opens up the box
the same person appears from the box
whom we saw at the start of the movie
arkhan asks him that what does the
killer wants he tells that killer
collects the human
he captures the one he likes but kills
everyone else
he shouts and says arkhan to run away
then arkhan puts him back in the box
then he sees the open window of the
other room but his shoes stick to the
floor
the killer had put the glue all over the
floor a cat was also stuck in the glue
he tries to help that cat and throws her
out of the window
but when cat about to go out she gets
cut by a cutter
when the killer comes upward after
listening to the cat arcane hides in the
bed
when the killer moves arkhan comes back
to hannah's mother and relaxes her
he also instructs her that you should
not see here and there
when he was taking hannah's mother out
they see blood
she sees the dead body of her husband
and starts shouting
to save themselves they move upward but
the killer appears and makes her injured
arkhan hides someplace and sees the
killer who was having a spider in his
hand
which meant that the killer liked the
spiders very much
the killer sews the mouth of hannah's
mother so that she may not shout again
arkhan now moves upward he decides to
jump from the window so that he may run
then the car stop in front of the house
which had hannah's elder sister
she came there along with her friend
arkin shouts and forbids her to come
inside
but she was unable to listen to the
arkhan when the killer realizes someone
outside
then he opens the locks and henna's
sister comes inside along with her
friend
they both go into the kitchen but the
killer sees them looking at this is an
opportunity arkhan tries to hide inside
the table
so that he could inform hannah's sister
about the killer hannah's sister sees
the killer and gets frightened
her friend comes forward to fight the
killer but he puts him in a trap
falling upon which he dies then the
killer attacks hannah's sister
but her sister had already called the
police he holds her sister and ties her
throat with a wire
he also tortures her arkhan moves upward
and sets up the alarm
listening to the alarm the killer moves
upward now
arkin frees hannah's sister her sister
gets shocked after seeing arkhan
there she thinks of arkhan as a killer
and takes out a scissor but she falls
upon a trap in doing so
and she gets died arkhan gets worried by
that
then he moves to the person who was in
the box when he tries to pull him up
he finds that the killer had put hooks
on his feet
that's why he was unable to bring him
along with him he breaks the window and
comes out
he runs away but then he sees hannah who
was seeking help from the window
arkhan falls in mercy as he also had a
daughter
that's why he comes back to save hannah
the killer was about to kill hannah
that arkhan approaches there and attacks
the killer arkhan and hannah hide at a
place
he tells her that we would capture the
killer in a trap
we would put water on the floor and you
would throw tv on the floor
so that the killer may die of electric
shock but the killer knows about their
trap and he throws that old man in the
trap
and the man dies of the current arkhan
tries to escape with hannah but the
killer follows them
he was able to send hannah to a safe
place but the killer holds him
when he wakes up he finds himself tied
he asks the killer to kill him but free
that girl
please don't hurt her but he doesn't
reply him in fact he breaks his teeth
with a hammer
arkhan was in pain then we see a police
officer outside the house
who was there because hannah's sister
made a call to the police
when he sees from the windows he finds
blood and dead bodies inside
the killer comes out and tries to
distract the police officer
he also orders his dog to attack the
police officer
arkhan finds the opportunity and he
frees himself
arkhan sees that the killer has made a
trap that would blast the house
the killer takes his dog inside the
house to find hannah
arkhan makes a good move and burns the
dog arkhan goes to the killer and fights
with him
he makes the dog injured and tries to
escape with hannah
arkhan finds a mirror and puts that in
front of the door
when the killer comes there he sees
their reflection and thinks as if they
were in front of him
killer shoots them and arkhan cuts the
wire of his trap
the light fixture falls upon the killer
arkhan takes the keys and moves outside
with hannah
police arrive there and rescues them
both after taking control
when he was in the ambulance he takes
out the diamond from his pocket
he was happy that he steal that and all
of his loans would be vanished off now
arkhan asks the nurse to call his wife
but then the killer arrives and strikes
the ambulance
the killer arrives at the arkhan arkhan
requests him to let him talk to his wife
once
but the killer doesn't listen to him he
puts him in the box and takes him along
which meant that he chose arkhan for the
collection part one of the film ends
[Music]
here
you